---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-26T22:21:47.467Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-26T22:21:39.527Z'
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-26-f1d037f6-acd6-483e-8343-f3a22c4e1ffe.md
published: true
url: f1d037f6-acd6-483e-8343-f3a22c4e1ffe/index.html
_type: Article

---
As your company grows and the economy shifts, your oversight and direction need to adapt.

Don't sacrifice your competitive advantage by trying to make your business fit into someone else's best practices. Maturing your organization isn't just applying a set of processes or a packaged solution -- it's also a cultural shift.

You need a partner with the right expertise to understand which priorities and controls make sense for your business, and how to execute them flawlessly.

Mastodon is your governance partner, helping drive strategic execution, regulatory compliance and sustainability programs.

[**Strategic Alignment and Execution:**][0]You want to maximize shareholder value, and spend less time dealing with tactical issues like execution details --- but priorities are misaligned. How do you balance short and long term strategic issues, and ensure the corporation is achieving high performance in the face of complex challenges? Mastodon brings sophisticated performance management, that will take day-to-day management off your plate, and help you effectively measure and modify organization effectiveness.

[**Regulatory Compliance:**][1]Mastodon can ensure clear communications with investors, while mitigating financial, legal and regulatory risks. We handle your governance, risk and compliance (GRC) issues, so you can protect shareholder's interests, and spend more time in forward-looking issues. The result is greater accountability, improved operational performance and increased clarity.

[**Corporate Social Responsibility:**][2]Your company needs to perform today, but must be fiscally, socially and environmentally sustainable for the long haul. How can you strengthen your reputation, while strengthening business results?

[0]: http://mastodonconsulting.com/services_strategy.html
[1]: http://mastodonconsulting.com/services_compliance.html
[2]: http://mastodonconsulting.com/services_csr.html